<center><h1>My takeaways from these 6 questions challenge - Written on Saturday Sep 26th, 2020</h1></center>
<p>
  First and foremost, I'd like to appreciate Bob and the hiring team who put these challenges together. Not only I see these as a path to a promising career, but I use them as a paradigm for me to test my problem solving and development skills. Please note, I had no prior study in coding or development. Every solution I put together in this challenge was mainly based on my previous knowledge and research on different blogs and online sources.  
</p>
<p>
  Secondly, I'd like to point out how I overcame obstacles in terms of mental challeges in the past 4 days (Thursday I was off, so I'd like to count as a little less than 2 full days). I kicked off this challenge with confidence and intiatives to complete it by the end of Thursday. I went through the first 4 questoins with ease. However, Q5 and Q6 gave me quite a lot of hassales. There were times when I questioned my capabilities and perseverance to resolve the problems. It took me a whole night on Thurday to ultimately figure out a simple solution to deal with Q5, which strengthened my belief to conquer Q6 at the end of the day. In terms of Q6, I was simply bombarded by how to choose the right solutions out of tons of ideas. Finally, I was able to put togher a "if loop" inside a "for loop" to deal with it. During these 4 days, I went through ups and downs mentally and realized how resilience and belief can make us stronger and better on a daily basis.  
</p>
<p>
  Thirdly, let me share about what I digested while doing this project. First thing came into my mind was that how to make everything target-oriented. Say, I'd like to print file names with identical contents, there were a whole bunch of solutions that would work, I was quite confused with which way I should rather go. Ultimately, I chose md5sum because it could easily compare md5 number of two files and print out names. With that said, I came to a conlusion that methods taken should not be a big concern in comparison to accomplishing the mission intended. In another case, I also saw how diffrent functions can be correlated. In Q6, I firstly figured out how I could echo a variable, then moved on to use diff to print out intended outcomes. 
</p>
<p>
  Last but not least, I'd like to express greatest appreciation for this opportunity given to me. If selected, I will dive more into coding or development to give me more edge in Cloud/ DevOps industry. If not, I'd like to keep going with my learning journey to pursue my career down the road. 
</p>
